Hey people today again an announcement Street View
even if in an announcement it does not look so happy, check it out
Please, until the end, everything is very important information »
And although the first information is two new DAX soon to get through
namely a battery man
and a Mara can in the 8
the choice now comes back this one
in the resolution, so to speak
we are almost finished missing only two cards but they already are
That's why they're so good for traveling
it will not take long
Billa second would be very important and if I the next
week
or after that the bar so now the NEK the next week or the next 2
no more videos
now for some
maybe a bit weird but I have since I started
I did not take a break for a week I have a video every week
at the Vorig and currently I'm doing now just one to two weeks
pause
other reason is also that i drive away i am not quite cheap because i drive in
vacation
I'm only two to three days away and I just do not know when »
that's going to happen in the next two weeks, so I'll be off
better no videos than that I told him it comes 1 and then comes
no
around year
werder-keeper many videos come when i'm in the time of bacon i do
Percent Videos of 2 2 Percent Videos is shaking everyone
See duels and that still wanted
namely on and the water Dragon Deck has won a match
and save on the duel voting
and bed is mortal and Google is
Sinha we also get a duel
And if I have enough time you have many more duels with many others
Percent DAX the Commander not all at once but that I put the times
Distribute duels on the longer period
so Las Vegas and that would not be so
I often got questions like where do you buy, for example
namely
Lecturer for example what is a favorite book Stuhr exactly
for example
what is a favorite book the
You can all ask me these questions now and that
suddenly
a question and answer session, so to speak
You can ask me your questions that you wanted to know straw
the data collects around itself
I do not know yet until an indefinite time
Percent of that is over
If I know then it is here now
So not now and if you are pretty much standing in this field
When I'm up in the above nothing, then I have not considered
if he knows what then percent until then you can still write
around
he asks questions about yu-gi-oh
please no questions like
So no private questions such as where to live or something like that
i like to answer it
thanks simply questions around the clock cinema
I would be very happy
also your questions
percent
If you do not want to make any videos I want to say that
does not mean that I am gone you can still Bergner sensual
Write messages when he asks or something
I will answer it if you do not get any videos that does not mean that
I'm not present for the two weeks
So you can calmly write questions if you have something not in the
Question round Rhine should
for example, in the problem terms to worldwide after I now here too
once again
then you can wobble
and then percent
So you have to go
SOE win the shade
the Nemetschek
he could
just click and then you come on it
and you think the third turn drops look
so far
I look forward to your questions I will answer them in a video
and year
Finally, a Charlotte for yu-gi-oh champion
Just look over and then time to copy the next one